One thing that I really like about the power tool is that it really lends itself to easily structuring
and thinking about split testing.
If we go back to the alternative which is the odds create tool will remember that you just set your
campaign objective your sets on your ads before your campaign can really appear in your ads reporting
to go live.
So it's quite a process it's all bunched together in one.
And that can be OK if you've just got one on set and whatnot but if you're trying and think about multiple
ad sets testing different audiences testing different placements testing different budgets and changes
it can be quite an overwhelming process.
But inside the power tool it's a lot lot simpler and I'll just give you an example to show you the difference.
So to create a campaign in power added or what you do is just click on Create campaign here.
Now I'm going to select the campaign name as just video views here and match it up to my campaign objective
and you'll see that all the campaign objectives here are the same that we've seen previously in the
ads created a song.
Change that to the views you'll see here that the big buying type is just auction for some of those
objectives you may see the option for a fixed price CPM buying type.
Now if I want to create this campaign I don't have to go ahead and create an ad set yet and think about
all that stuff I can do is create a campaign button.
Now what pops an overview of the campaign and the objective.
I can just click that to close it again.
But what I can see now is that I have my campaign objective now inside here I can see one on set and
this is where it starts to get interesting.
What I can do is actually duplicate this handset and split this audience up pretty quickly.
So I come up here click on the dropdown duplicate and I can see split audience.
So what I've got here is a set for 18 plus male and females.
And what I can do is actually split this audience into two and test between males and females.
Now instead of having one headset I've got two sets very quickly and I'll be able to test males versus
females for my campaign and you can see that pop up there now as well as just doing that quick split
audience that you can do and is built in as a button here.
You can also just select one of the sets and you can duplicate his.
See you can see that this is the duplicated Adsit here.
And I could change this come in and edit it and maybe then change the budget.
This in the shadow.
Maybe I could try a custom audience versus a normal audience different placements cetera.
And we can go into later on and the exact things that you could maybe test.
But the point right now is it's very easy to duplicate things.
And that makes it much easier to create various onsets very very quickly into a campaign now.
Equally you can do all of that same stuff at the level you can duplicate hods you couldn't duplicate
them and then change one thing like a call to action button learn more versus shop.
Now you can change the images and it's much easier to set up here quickly.
And I think get a clear overview of exactly for each campaign how many sets you have on how many apps
etc..
So what I recommend you do is come into your power editor just set up a campaign try to duplicate and
onset and maybe some odds and then you can always come back in here and just delete it once you're done.